victor is a cold-blooded notorious
assassin he never failed to finish his
target
but for a beautiful girl like rose it is
very different
what was so strange about this mission
after all victor maynard was born into a
family of assassins
he is one of the world's best assassins
victor never made a mistake
he always works alone and organizes
things perfectly
he never felt sympathetic towards his
target he was a lone wolf and he loved
it being that way
that day victor discovered that the
target had gone into a clothing store
he followed the target inside and then
he realized that someone was changing
clothes in the dressing room
victor thought the person inside was
rose his target so he took a shot with a
silencer
when he heard the falling sound inside
he was pleased to leave
but at this moment he soros come out
from the other end then who was the one
in the dressing room
apparently the world's greatest killer
killed the wrong person
it turned out that rose was a thief and
lately she seduced the artist who works
in the museum
he helped her to create a fake version
of a famous painting
then sell this painting for 2.5 million
pounds to the gangster boss
ferguson ferguson was fascinated by the
painting
unexpectedly he made the paint stick to
his face ferguson now realized that the
painting was not real
ferguson was furious so he hired victor
to end rose's life no matter what
for the first time he had failed the
mission vitor decided to get serious
he chased rose to the hotel victor knew
his chance had come
he went out onto the balcony opposite to
rose's room and started to set up the
gun
but when he was about to pull the
trigger there was a man hugging rose
and then they both rolled onto the bed
the room went dark
victor waited until they woke up it was
the next morning
now he picked up the gun and aimed it
directly at rose's head
but he never pulled the trigger the
longer he looked the more he liked her
the cold-blooded victor fell in love
with rose but when his mother found out
about that
she scolded him the family's honor is
lost in his hands
to regain the client's trust victor was
once again sent out to kill rose
he goes to the garage but as soon as he
picks up his gun he discovers another
killer
is also trying to kill rose ferguson
also hired another assassin
victor couldn't help but shot the other
assassin right away
then he kicked the gun in his hand and
said this man wants to kill you and then
he took rose away
victor quickly realized something was
wrong he was meant to kill rose
so while rose wasn't looking he was
about to finish her off
but suddenly there was an arm sticking
out from the chair at the back of the
car and stole his gun
this mike guy was a gang member with the
assassin he shot before
in order to avenge his accomplices he
wanted to kill victor and rose
did you really think that the main
characters would die like that
of course not tony showed up and shot
mike victor saw tony's natural talent
from then on he considered him as his
successor at this point
rose woke up she knew that this time she
was in danger
she knew victor fight like a badass so
she pulled out 30 000 pounds to hire him
as her bodyguard
seeing that he could have both money and
love victor agreed
the assassin quickly found them the
three people became comrades from who
[Music]
knows
so
after entering the room rose left tony's
shoes outside
these shoes belonged to the dead
assassin no one expected mike to come
here looking for ferguson
and he recognized the shoes when tony
was showering in the bathroom
he was pinned down by mike and drowned
in the bath halfway to hell
tony stole the gun from mike and shot
his ear
just like that the three people
continued to escape victor took them
home
when it was late he came out of the room
suddenly the lights on his house went
out
he immediately pulled out his gun and
thought that someone sneaked into his
house
but unexpectedly tony and rose were
holding the cake in front of him
it turned out that today was victor's
birthday then they had a good party
together
victor knew that this was the life he
wanted but unexpectedly
rose found a notebook in his room which
has the records for all of his missions
and inside there was a photo of her at
this point rose knew victor was an
assassin
and his target was her after learning
about everything she took her luggage
and escaped from his house
but she did not foresee that as soon as
she got out of this place she was caught
by another assassin
it turns out that ferguson knew that
victor was not obedient to him
so he hired another man to kill the
three of them then he used rose as bait
to get the three of them together
together
he was about to kill the three of them
but when he was about to pull the
trigger
victor told him to stop because it was
his gun the assassin was still happy to
say goodbye to him
but surprisingly after pulling the
trigger he shot himself
what the heck it turns out that victor's
gun shot backwards
and the three of them lived happily ever
after that's the end of the story
goodbye